is getting closer on November 8
the date on which will go out in stores kahlo duty modern warfare 3 the
return of the most famous first person saga of the moment
and this time its creators wants to show us the new way
cooperative multiplayer
we want next to special operations
the survival mode
in survival we will have to survive with a partner against
several waves of enemies that will grow in difficulty
such as dogs equipped with explosive air or chemical attacks or our
old friends the titans those six given feet that always chase the
player
and it is that the tactics that we will have to use do not allow us to remain still in
the same place a long time
jobs
as we go eliminating enemies
we will unlock weapons improvements and enhancers
how to call allied soldiers
that we will have to buy to have something else in a remote opportunity to
survive
before entering to play we can configure the objectives or the difficulty
of the game
modern warfare 3 will be released for PC x few 3 60 and playstation 3 translated to
Spanish
what
excel
Buzzi was a very good first half 23 'try